README.md, before:

<h3 align="center">
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/logos/exports/1544x1544_circle.png" width="100" alt="Logo"/><br/>
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/misc/transparent.png" height="30" width="0px"/>
	Catppuccin for <a href="https://github.com/polybar/polybar">Polybar</a>
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/misc/transparent.png" height="30" width="0px"/>
</h3>

<p align="center">
	<a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/polybar/stargazers"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/catppuccin/polybar?colorA=363a4f&colorB=b7bdf8&style=for-the-badge"></a>
	<a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/polybar/issues"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/catppuccin/polybar?colorA=363a4f&colorB=f5a97f&style=for-the-badge"></a>
	<a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/polybar/contributors"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/catppuccin/polybar?colorA=363a4f&colorB=a6da95&style=for-the-badge"></a>
</p>

<p>
	<img src="./assets/polybar-edited.png">
</p>

## Usage

1. Download the file with your desired flavour e.g. `mocha.ini` (to be found in the [release](https://github.com/catppuccin/polybar/releases/latest) or after cloning the repository in the `themes` folder)
2. Copy it into your polybar config e.g. `~/.config/polybar`
3. Include the file in your `config.ini` under [global/wm]
   - `include-file = $HOME/.config/polybar/colors.ini` 
4. When setting colors, use `${colors.COLOR}` e.g. `${colors.base}`

## 🙋 FAQ

-	Q: **_"Polybar doesn't work with the colors"_**

	A: Make sure you included the file in the right place and you are using `${colors.COLOR}`

## 💝 Thanks to

- [justTOBBI](https://github.com/justTOBBI)

&nbsp;

<p align="center">
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/footers/gray0_ctp_on_line.svg?sanitize=true" />
</p>

<p align="center">
	Copyright &copy; 2021-present <a href="https://github.com/catppuccin" target="_blank">Catppuccin Org</a>
</p>

<p align="center">
	<a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/blob/main/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?style=for-the-badge&label=License&message=MIT&logoColor=d9e0ee&colorA=363a4f&colorB=b7bdf8"/></a>
</p>

Commit message:

doc(README): add example config to FAQ (#2)

README.md, after:

<h3 align="center">
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/logos/exports/1544x1544_circle.png" width="100" alt="Logo"/><br/>
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/misc/transparent.png" height="30" width="0px"/>
	Catppuccin for <a href="https://github.com/polybar/polybar">Polybar</a>
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/misc/transparent.png" height="30" width="0px"/>
</h3>

<p align="center">
	<a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/polybar/stargazers"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/catppuccin/polybar?colorA=363a4f&colorB=b7bdf8&style=for-the-badge"></a>
	<a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/polybar/issues"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/catppuccin/polybar?colorA=363a4f&colorB=f5a97f&style=for-the-badge"></a>
	<a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/polybar/contributors"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/catppuccin/polybar?colorA=363a4f&colorB=a6da95&style=for-the-badge"></a>
</p>

<p>
	<img src="./assets/polybar-edited.png">
</p>

## Usage

1. Download the file with your desired flavour e.g. `mocha.ini` (to be found in the [release](https://github.com/catppuccin/polybar/releases/latest) or after cloning the repository in the `themes` folder)
2. Copy it into your polybar config e.g. `~/.config/polybar`
3. Include the file in your `config.ini` under [global/wm]
   - `include-file = $HOME/.config/polybar/colors.ini` 
4. When setting colors, use `${colors.COLOR}` e.g. `${colors.base}`

## 🙋 FAQ

-	Q: **_"Polybar doesn't work with the colors"_**

	A: Make sure you included the file in the right place and you are using `${colors.COLOR}`

-	Q: **_"How do I use the color file"_**

	A: The exact theme is up to you, but a basic config can be found in [catppuccin/polybar#1 (comment)](https://github.com/catppuccin/polybar/issues/1#issuecomment-1561818935) to help you get started.


## 💝 Thanks to

- [justTOBBI](https://github.com/justTOBBI)

&nbsp;

<p align="center">
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/footers/gray0_ctp_on_line.svg?sanitize=true" />
</p>

<p align="center">
	Copyright &copy; 2021-present <a href="https://github.com/catppuccin" target="_blank">Catppuccin Org</a>
</p>

<p align="center">
	<a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/blob/main/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?style=for-the-badge&label=License&message=MIT&logoColor=d9e0ee&colorA=363a4f&colorB=b7bdf8"/></a>
</p>
